INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR AGREEMENT
This Independent Contractor Agreement (this "Agreement") is made effective as of October 21, 2013May 1, 2016, by and between Xergy Consulting, LLC, of 2009 Forest Avenue835 East 2nd Avenue, Suite 425, Durango, Colorado 81301, and Moorefield Research & Consulting, LLC of 674 E. 5th Avenue, Durango, Colorado, 81301. In this Agreement, the party who is contracting to receive the services shall be referred to as "Xergy", and the party who will be providing the services shall be referred to as "Contractor".
1.	DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES. Beginning on October 21, 2013May 1, 2016, Contractor will provide services (collectively, the "Services") as described in Exhibit Athe appended exhibits .
2.	PAYMENT FOR SERVICES. Xergy will pay compensation to Contractor for the Services in as outlined in Exhibit Athe appended exhibits. 
3.	TERM/TERMINATION. This Agreement shall terminate automatically on December 31, 20142017.
4.	RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES. It is understood by the parties that Contractor is an independent contractor with respect to Xergy, and not an employee of Xergy. Xergy will not provide fringe benefits, including health insurance benefits, paid vacation, or any other employee benefit, for the benefit of Contractor.
5.	CONTRACTOR WARRANTIES. Contractor represents and warrants that:
a)	Performance. Contractor warrants that the Services will be completed in accordance with the specifications set by the parties, including timelines, and Contractor agrees to use all appropriate care, skill and diligence as is customary in the industry.  
b)	Authority. Contractor warrants that it has the authority and the right to enter into this Agreement and that its obligations under this Agreement are not in conflict with any other obligations of Contractor.
c)	Compliance with Laws. Contractor is in compliance with all applicable laws, ordinances, rules, regulations, orders, permits and other requirements, now or hereafter in effect, of any governmental authority including, but not limited to, such requirements as may be imposed upon Xergy and that are applicable to the Services.
d)	Licenses. Contractor will obtain and keep in effect all licenses required by law for the performance of the Services contemplated in this Agreement, and any insurance coverage required by such licenses.
6.	CONFIDENTIALITY. Contractor will not at any time or in any manner, either directly or indirectly, use for the personal benefit of Contractor, or divulge, disclose, or communicate in any manner any information that is proprietary to Xergy, its clients, and partners. Contractor will protect such information and treat it as strictly confidential. This provision shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
7.	INSURANCE. Contractor acknowledges Contractor's obligation to obtain appropriate insurance coverage for the benefit of Contractor (and Contractor's employees, if any), including, but not limited to, general and professional liability coverage. 
8.	LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. Xergy’s liability to Contractor is limited to its obligations under this Agreement to pay such sums as may be due Contractor for Services rendered pursuant to this Agreement. Other than the aforesaid liability, Xergy shall not have any liability to Contractor or Contractor's Personnel for any injury (including death) or damage (including consequential damages, such as loss of profits, indirect, special, or punitive) to person, property, or property interests, in connection with this Agreement, whether under contract, tort, statutory liability, or any other theory.
9.	INDEMNIFICATION. Contractor agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Xergy from all claims, losses, expenses, fees including attorney fees, costs, and judgments that may be asserted against Xergy that result from the acts or omissions of Contractor and Contractor's employees, if any, and Contractor's agents.
10.	ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties, and there are no other promises or conditions in any other agreement whether oral or written.
11.	 SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining provisions shall continue to be valid and enforceable. If a court finds that any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, but that by limiting such provision it would become valid and enforceable, then such provision shall be deemed to be written, construed, and enforced as so limited.
12.	 APPLICABLE LAW AND GOVERNING VENUE. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Colorado. Any suit, proceeding or claim brought by one party against the other to enforce this Agreement, to enjoin its breach, to recover damages for breach or default of this Agreement, or otherwise arising under or by reason of this Agreement is to be brought in La Plata County of the State of Colorado, and each of the parties consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of such court, and of the appropriate appellate courts, in any such action or proceeding and waives any objection to such venue.