STATEMENT OF PRIVACY ( 12/23/2014, UNITED STATES ONLY)
American Honda Motor Co., Inc. (American Honda) is considerate of the privacy of our visitors and the individual sensitivities of personal information. At American Honda, we believe the confidentiality and protection of customer information is one of our fundamental responsibilities. Because privacy and consumer trust are important to us, we provide this privacy statement for you to explain our policies in detail. While information is critical to providing quality service, we recognize that one of our most important assets is our customers' trust. Our goal is to protect your information.

This statement explains our privacy policies and procedures in connection with data collection and usage governing the American Honda Family of Web Sites which include honda.com, corporate.honda.com, automobiles.honda.com, hpd.honda.com, powersports.honda.com, hrca.honda.com, powerequipment.honda.com, marine.honda.com, engines.honda.com, owners.honda.com, owners.acura.com, estore.honda.com, hondafinancialservices.com, hondafinancialservices.com/ir, acurafinancialservices.com, acura.com, civictour.honda.com and greendealer.honda.com. This statement does not apply to our offline information practices.


Information Collection

You can visit our Web Sites without sharing personally identifiable information.  

You can visit our Web Sites without telling us who you are and without revealing any personally identifiable information to learn about American Honda, American Honda Finance Corporation ("AHFC"), our product and service information, special offers and promotions, and investor information.  You can also access financial planning tools.  

"Personally identifiable information or personal information" refers to any information that identifies or can be used to contact or locate you such as name, mailing address, phone number, email address, social security number, and account number.  Use of certain features and tools on this Site requires that you provide us with personally identifiable information.  However, you always have the option not to provide personal information by choosing not to use a particular feature.  

We may request personally identifiable information in order to enhance your experience on our web sites.  There are instances where American Honda requests personally identifiable information to provide the web site visitor a service or correspondence (such as promotions and mailed brochures). This information, such as name, mailing address, email address, type of request and possibly additional information, is collected and stored in a manner appropriate to the nature of the data and is used to fulfill your request. The information you provide is used by American Honda to improve the services we provide you and to help us promote products and services that are of most interest to you.  The information may be merged with other information American Honda already knows, such as whether you are an owner of a Honda or Acura product.

To use American Honda's Internet services, such as the Dealer Locator and brochure requests, we require a certain amount of personally identifying information such as name and address to meet your request.  We may use this information to identify and access data in the existing relationship we have with you to provide you with the requested services.  We may request email addresses as an alternate means of contacting you.

We Collect and Use Anonymous Information

We may gather and store certain anonymous information about your visit, including the name of your Internet Service Provider (ISP), the type of browser and operating systems used to access our site, the date and time you access our site, the website that referred you to us, and the pages you visit (click-through).  This information does not identify you personally.  This information is collected and used to generate statistics, measure site activity, and improve the usefulness of our sites.

Use of Cookies

A "cookie" is a small text file or text identifier placed on your computer to assist us in providing customized services.  We use cookies to provide you with a convenience feature to save you time and provide a more personalized experience on our site.  For example, you may log on once during a visit and will be able to access multiple servers without having to log on again and again.  We also use the information for internal research on our user's demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand our visitor's preferences.  We may use cookies provided by third parties, including ClearTrust, BrowserHawk, Capricorn Encryption, and WebTrends e-commerce software.  You have the ability to accept or decline cookies.  Some portions of our Web sites, such as owners.honda.com/owners.acura.com, however, require the use of cookies for proper function.

Advertising Campaigns

Some of our sites, such as automobiles.honda.com and owners.honda.com/owners.acura.com, use web beacons also called single pixel gifs. Their use helps us determine the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. Certain gif files are provided by our ad management partner, DoubleClick. These files enable DoubleClick to recognize a unique cookie on your Web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our website. The cookie was placed by us, or by another advertiser who works with DoubleClick. With both cookies and Spotlight technology, the information that we collect and share is anonymous and not personally identifiable. It does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address. For more information about DoubleClick, including information about how to opt out of these technologies, go to http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy. In short, web beacons collect only a limited amount of information including cookies and time and date of viewing and do not contain personally identifiable information. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by going to: http://preferences.truste.com/preference.html?affiliateId=99. Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads.

Information Use

The information you share with American Honda is used to improve the services we provide you and to provide services to you that you request. For example, if you enroll in EasyPay or Pay Online, our account payment services, we will be required to validate your bank account information with your bank. If you request brochures, we may hire a third party fulfillment company to meet your request. We may share information about you with third party service providers (such as companies who assist us in marketing, conducting surveys and research to help us provide better products and services). However, your information is not shared with or sold to any other third party entity or individual for that entity or individual's independent use with the exception of when you request to be added to the fan mailing list of one of the participating Civic Tour bands and/or Civic Tour promotional partners or in situations where required by law, we may need to share this information with law enforcement officials such as in response to a court order or subpoena. AHFC customers are also encouraged to see the American Honda Finance Corporation Financial Privacy Policy below to learn more about protections and use of your nonpublic personal information (such as personally identifiable financial information).

The information you share with American Honda when you apply for employment with American Honda or any of its affiliated companies through our site at http://corporate.honda.com/careers/ may include personal information, such as name, educational and employment background, contact information, job qualifications, and jobs for which you may wish to be considered.  You may choose to provide additional information, such as your resume or CV, employment references, and salary requirements.  You may also choose to provide this information by extracting it from another online location, such as Google, Yahoo, or Talent Exchange Universal Profile.  Your provision of this information in connection with seeking employment at American Honda is voluntary and you determine the extent of the information you provide.  Your decision not to provide such information may affect our ability to consider you for employment.  This information is collected and maintained through Oracle’s Taleo service and is not shared except between the Taleo service and American Honda (and its affiliated companies), or between American Honda and its affiliated companies, as necessary for employment decisions.  For more information about Oracle’s privacy policies, please consult Oracle’s disclosures on its website (www.oracle.com). 

Partners

When you visit or use a part of any website, landing page or mobile application that is co-branded or that is a part of a joint promotion involving American Honda and one or more third parties (each a “Co-Branded Party”), you are providing and consenting to provide your personal information and any other information collected by any Co-Branded Party to American Honda and each of the Co-Branded Parties without any other notice or further consent.  We do not control Co-Branded Parties’ use or treatment of information you provide to them and you should consult each of their privacy policies or any separate Co-Branded privacy policy posted on or linked from the Co-Branded site to determine your rights with respect to their use and treatment of your information.

Security

American Honda has reasonable security measures in place to protect your personally identifiable information.  This information is protected while being transmitted through a Secured Sockets Layer (SSL) connection.  Most web pages that display personally identifiable information are encrypted using 128-bit SSL, which is an industry standard.  The following brands' brochure requests, however, are not transmitted through a SSL connection:  Engine, Marine, and Power Equipment.  In addition, the Motorcycle brand site does not currently transmit brochure and email notification requests through an SSL connection.  In addition, we have security procedures and policies in place to safeguard against loss, theft, unauthorized access, destruction, misuse, and modification of this information after we receive it.  However, perfect security does not exist over the internet.  If you are an owners.honda.com/owners.acura.com registrant, you can help protect your personally identifiable information by selecting the "Log Out" icon before you close your browser.

Do Not Track Signals

Our websites do not treat browsers that  send a ‘do not track’ signal differently from  browsers that do not send one.

Links

Our web sites may contain links to other sites. However, please be aware that if you access these links you will be leaving our site.  As a result, we encourage users to read the privacy policies of those sites as we are not responsible for their content, links, or privacy procedures.

Policy Updates

If we decide to change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes to this privacy policy so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.  We suggest periodically visiting this page to review our policies and procedures.

   

Specific Web Site Provisions

This section below addresses this Site’s unique functionality and offerings specific to particular areas of each Site and serves as a supplement to the General Provisions above.