Privacy Policy Statement
 


TRUSTe online privacy certification
Revised May 29, 2015

Thank you for choosing Allstate. We value you, respect your privacy and work hard to protect your personal information. 

This statement is provided on behalf of Allstate Insurance Company and the affiliates ("Allstate") listed at the end of this notice. We would like to explain how we collect, use and share the information we obtain about you in the course of doing business.

The Truste certification covers: 

Allstate.com
Miallstate.com
M.allstate.com
M.miallstate.com
Goodhandsroadside.allstate.com
Mobile application for Allstate
Mobile application for Good Hands Roadside
Our Privacy Assurance

We do not sell your personal or medical information to anyone.
We do not share your information with non-affiliate companies that would use it to contact you about their own products and services, unless permitted pursuant to a joint marketing agreement.
We require persons or organizations that represent or assist us in servicing your policy and claims to keep your information confidential.
We require our employees to protect your personal information and keep it confidential.

As you can see, protecting your personal information is important to us. In addition to the practices described above, we use a variety of physical, technical and administrative security measures that help to safeguard your information. For Social Security Numbers (SSN), this includes restricting access to our employees, agents and others who use your SSN only as permitted by law, such as to comply with the law, to provide you with products and services or to handle your claims. Our privacy practices continue to apply to your information even if you cease to be an Allstate customer.
What Personal Information Do We Have and Where Do We Get It

We gather personal information from you and from outside sources for business purposes. Some examples of the information we collect from you may include your name, phone number, home and e-mail addresses, driver's license number, social security number, marital status, family member information and healthcare information. Also, we maintain records that include, but are not limited to, policy coverages, premiums, and payment history. We also collect information from outside sources that may include, but is not limited to, your driving record, claims history, medical information and credit information. Your information is stored in an encrypted environment.

In addition, Allstate and its business partners gather information through Internet activity, which may include, for example, your operating system, links you used to visit allstate.com, web pages you viewed while visiting our site or applications, Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, and cookies. We use cookies, analytics and other technologies to help:

Evaluate our marketing campaigns
Analyze how customers use our website and applications
Develop new services
Know how many visitors have seen or clicked on our ads

Also, our business partners assist us with monitoring information including, but not limited to, IP addresses, domain names and browser data, which can help us to better understand how visitors use allstate.com.
Mobile Analytics

We use Mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We will link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the mobile app.