Privacy Policy
IFSA-Butler is committed to respecting your privacy and protecting the information we receive from you. This policy is intended to outline the information we collect from users who visit and submit applications to our website and how we use and disclose that information.
Information We Collect
IFSA-Butler collects two types of information from visitors to this website:
non-personally identifiable information that is automatically collected anytime you visit an IFSA-Butler webpage, such as IP address, browser type, and referring websites and
information that is voluntarily supplied by visitors through the submission of inquiry forms or applications for programs offered through IFSA-Butler.
How We Use Visitor Information
IFSA-Butler collects non-personally identifiable information with the purpose of optimizing the performance of our website.
We do not rent or sell personally identifiable information to third-parties for their marketing purposes. We may share your information with select third parties in the following circumstances:
We share certain information with overseas institutions and service providers, including universities and host families, so that they may provide our students with the services we request of them.
We may share certain information about you, including but not limited to your name and home institution, for the purposes of promoting IFSA-Butler programs.
We reserve the right to disclose your information to law enforcement and government officials in accordance with applicable laws, court orders and government regulations.
We use reasonable precautions to protect your information and voluntarily abide by the guidelines outlined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act to maintain your privacy. By using our website, you agree to the transfer of information to countries outside the United States that have institution and service providers associated with our overseas programs.
Use of Cookies
IFSA-Butler uses Cookies for the purpose of maintaining your session when you provide information to IFSA-Butler through web forms and our application system. Cookies are small pieces of information transferred from our website to your web browser to streamline your experience on our website and allow web servers to recognize the computer used to access the website. Our website does not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information. You can modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you wish to opt out of this service.
We also work with third parties, such as Facebook and Twitter, to collect certain user data through our website for the purposes of conversion tracking and serving ads targeted to users' interests. The information we share with these services does not include any specific information relating to your application to an IFSA-Butler program or your personal information. Should you wish to opt out of such tracking, please modify your browser settings or modify your privacy settings within Facebook and Twitter to disable interest-based advertising and tracking.
Links to Other Websites
The IFSA-Butler website contains links to other websites that may or may not be affiliated with the Institute for Study Abroad, Butler University. IFSA-Butler is not responsible for the content or privacy practices on these websites, nor does the posting of a link constitute an endorsement by IFSA-Butler of said website.
Changing Your Information or Opting Out of IFSA-Butler Communications
The personal information collected about you through our online applications and in our communications with you is stored in our internal database and can be updated or modified at any time by calling (800) 858-0229 or emailing studyabroad@ifsa-butler.org.
If you wish to no longer receive all communications from IFSA-Butler, you may opt out by contacting us at (800) 858-0229 or by mail at:
1100 W. 42nd Street, Suite 305
Indianapolis, IN 46208-3345
Children's Privacy
The IFSA-Butler website is not intended for visitors under the age of 13 and IFSA-Butler does not solicit or intentionally collect information from children under the age of 13.
Changes to this Policy
We reserve the right to modify the contents of this privacy policy as needed. All changes to this policy will be posted on the IFSA-Butler website. We encourage you to periodically review this policy to remain up to date on our privacy practices.
All textual, graphic and other content appearing on this website are the property of the Institute for Study Abroad, Butler University (IFSA-Butler). Copyright 2004-2010. Institute for Study Abroad, 1100 W. 42nd St., Suite 305, Indianapolis, Indiana 46208 USA. All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Use
You may view, copy, print and use content contained on this website solely for your own personal use and provided that:
the content available from this website is used for informational and non-commercial purposes only;
no text, graphics or other content available from this website is modified in any way; and
no graphics available from this website are used, copied or distributed.
Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication or otherwise any license or other grant of right to use any copyright, trademark or other intellectual property of IFSA-Butler or any third party, except as expressly provided herein.
This website may contain links to or be accessed through links on websites of other institutions, individuals or groups. IFSA-Butler does not have responsibility for the contents, availability, operation or performance of any other sites, to which this website may be linked or from which this website may be accessed. 

Reference to any product, process, publication, service or offering of any third party by trade name, trademark, manufacturer or otherwise does not necessarily constitute or imply the endorsement or recommendation of such by IFSA-Butler. 

Access to this website is monitored. The requesting URLs, the machine originating the request and the time of the request are logged for access statistics and security purposes. Use of this website constitutes consent to such monitoring. This website may be unavailable from time to time due to mechanical, telecommunication, software, hardware and third-party vendor failures. IFSA-Butler cannot predict or control when such downtime may occur and cannot control the duration of such downtime. 

Notwithstanding the above, you acknowledge that IFSA-Butler does not prescreen content, but that IFSA-Butler and its designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to refuse or remove any content that is available via this website. Without limiting the foregoing, IFSA-Butler and its designees shall have the right to remove any content that violates the policies of IFSA-Butler or is otherwise determined to be objectionable by IFSA-Butler in its sole discretion. 

Reasonable efforts are taken to ensure the accuracy and integrity of information and related materials provided by IFSA-Butler on this website, but IFSA-Butler is not responsible for misprints, out-of-date information, technical inaccuracies, typographical or other errors appearing on this website or any other website containing information about IFSA-Butler. Information and related materials are subject to change without notice. This website and all information and related materials it contains are provided "as is." By using this website, you assume the risk that the information and materials on this website may be incomplete, inaccurate, out of date or may not meet your needs and requirements. 

IFSA-Butler reserves the right, at its sole and absolute discretion, to make changes in these Terms and Conditions at any time without notice. Your continued use of the site after any such changes signifies your acceptance of the Terms and Conditions as revised. 

Institute for Study Abroad is registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.